Python/LeetCode/0141. Linked List Cycle.md, before:

Given a linked list, determine if it has a cycle in it.

Follow up:  
Can you solve it without using extra space?


给定一个链表，不利用额外空间，判断链表中是否存在环  
抄来的，抄来的，抄来的，重要的事说三遍，除了前两行判断链表是否为空是自己写的，其他都是抄来的，感觉被链表狠狠的鄙视了(#‵′)凸，主要思考方式就是设定一快一慢两个指针，一个前进一步，一个前进两步，当两个指针有重合的时候，就表示存在环

```python
# Definition for singly-linked list.
# class ListNode(object):
#     def __init__(self, x):
#         self.val = x
#         self.next = None

class Solution(object):
    def hasCycle(self, head):
        """
        :typehead: ListNode
        :rtype: bool
        """
        if not head or head.next == None:
            return False
        slow = fast = head
        while fast and fast.next:
            slow = slow.next
            fast = fast.next.next
            if slow == fast:
                return True
        return False

Commit message:

Update 0141. Linked List Cycle.md

Python/LeetCode/0141. Linked List Cycle.md, after:

Given a linked list, determine if it has a cycle in it.

To represent a cycle in the given linked list, we use an integer pos which represents the position (0-indexed) in the linked list where tail connects to. If pos is -1, then there is no cycle in the linked list.

Example 1:
```
Input: head = [3,2,0,-4], pos = 1
Output: true
Explanation: There is a cycle in the linked list, where tail connects to the second node.
```

Example 2:
```
Input: head = [1,2], pos = 0
Output: true
Explanation: There is a cycle in the linked list, where tail connects to the first node.
```

Example 3:
```
Input: head = [1], pos = -1
Output: false
Explanation: There is no cycle in the linked list.
```

Follow up:

Can you solve it using O(1) (i.e. constant) memory?

给定一个链表，不利用额外空间，判断链表中是否存在环  
抄来的，抄来的，抄来的，重要的事说三遍，除了前两行判断链表是否为空是自己写的，其他都是抄来的，感觉被链表狠狠的鄙视了(#‵′)凸，主要思考方式就是设定一快一慢两个指针，一个前进一步，一个前进两步，当两个指针有重合的时候，就表示存在环

```python
# Definition for singly-linked list.
# class ListNode(object):
#     def __init__(self, x):
#         self.val = x
#         self.next = None

class Solution(object):
    def hasCycle(self, head):
        """
        :typehead: ListNode
        :rtype: bool
        """
        if not head or head.next == None:
            return False
        slow = fast = head
        while fast and fast.next:
            slow = slow.next
            fast = fast.next.next
            if slow == fast:
                return True
        return False
