Given two version numbers, version1 and version2, compare them.

Version numbers consist of one or more revisions joined by a dot '.'. Each revision consists of digits and may contain leading zeros. Every revision contains at least one character. Revisions are 0-indexed from left to right, with the leftmost revision being revision 0, the next revision being revision 1, and so on. For example 2.5.33 and 0.1 are valid version numbers.

To compare version numbers, compare their revisions in left-to-right order. Revisions are compared using their integer value ignoring any leading zeros. This means that revisions 1 and 001 are considered equal. If a version number does not specify a revision at an index, then treat the revision as 0. For example, version 1.0 is less than version 1.1 because their revision 0s are the same, but their revision 1s are 0 and 1 respectively, and 0 < 1.

Return the following:
```
If version1 < version2, return -1.
If version1 > version2, return 1.
Otherwise, return 0.
``` 

Example 1:
```
Input: version1 = "1.01", version2 = "1.001"
Output: 0
Explanation: Ignoring leading zeroes, both "01" and "001" represent the same integer "1".
```
Example 2:
```
Input: version1 = "1.0", version2 = "1.0.0"
Output: 0
Explanation: version1 does not specify revision 2, which means it is treated as "0".
```
Example 3:
```
Input: version1 = "0.1", version2 = "1.1"
Output: -1
Explanation: version1's revision 0 is "0", while version2's revision 0 is "1". 0 < 1, so version1 < version2.
```
Example 4:
```
Input: version1 = "1.0.1", version2 = "1"
Output: 1
```
Example 5:
```
Input: version1 = "7.5.2.4", version2 = "7.5.3"
Output: -1
``` 

Constraints:
```
1 <= version1.length, version2.length <= 500
version1 and version2 only contain digits and '.'.
version1 and version2 are valid version numbers.
All the given revisions in version1 and version2 can be stored in a 32-bit integer.
```
给定两组字符串，判断大小，字符串以点号"."做分割，从左至右分别比较每组点号分隔出来的数值大小，默认包含前置零，如 1 = 001  
用 split 对原始字符串进行分割，然后从左至右遍历，当字符1的数值比字符2大时，返回1，当字符1数值比字符2小时，返回-1；  
如果某一字符串已遍历完毕，则只要在另一个没有遍历完的字符串（即后者比前者长）中剩余的部分查找是否有大于零的元素存在，然后返回相应数值即可
```python
class Solution(object):
    def compareVersion(self, version1, version2):
        """
        :type version1: str
        :type version2: str
        :rtype: int
        """
        array1 = version1.split(".")
        array2 = version2.split(".")
        l1 , l2 = len(array1) , len(array2)
        l = min(l1 , l2)
        for i in range(l):
            if int(array1[i]) > int(array2[i]):
                return 1
            elif int(array1[i]) < int(array2[i]):
                return -1 ### 以上为判断最小长度范围内是否存在两个字符串对应同等位置数值不同的情况
        if l1 > l2:
            for i in range(l2 , l1):
                if int(array1[i]) > 0:
                    return 1
            return 0 ### 当字符串1比字符串2长时，判断字符串1中余下部分里是否有大于零的
        elif l1 < l2:
            for i in range(l1 , l2):
                if int(array2[i]) > 0:
                    return -1
            return 0 ### 当字符串2比字符串1长时，判断字符串2中余下部分里是否有大于零的
        return 0
```
